README.md, before:



-This is the first sprint boot/ maven project I have ever done. It's probably going to be rough. Here is how I set up the project intially

# Java Backend Banking Set up instructions
1. Go to https://start.spring.io
2. Choose:
   - Project: Maven
   - Language: Java
   - Spring Boot: 3.4.x
   - Packaging: Jar
   - Java: 17
3. Add dependencies:
   - Spring Web
   - Spring Data JPA
   - PostgreSQL Driver (optional)
4. Unzip project → move contents out of inner folder if needed.
5. Run with: ./mvnw spring-boot:run
6. Test endpoint: http://localhost:8080
7. Most likely because of the way the .zip is generated, you will have redundant folder names. To flatten that you should run -
mv JavaBackendBanking/* . && mv JavaBackendBanking/.[!.]* . 2>/dev/null && rmdir JavaBackendBanking

mv JavaBackendBanking/* . → Moves all visible files/folders up.
mv JavaBackendBanking/.[!.]* . 2>/dev/null → Moves all hidden files/folders (like .gitignore, .mvn, etc.), skipping . and ...
rmdir JavaBackendBanking → Deletes the now-empty inner folder.

8. You will replace JavaBackenBanking with whatever you root project folder name is. Most likely you will have two.


## 🚀 Next Steps
- Add a `/hello` endpoint to test Spring Boot routing.
- Connect PostgreSQL in `application.properties`.
- Create model classes for User and Account.
- Implement data persistence using JPA.
- Refactor or connect your Swing frontend to the backend.

Commit message:

Integrated PostgreSQL with Spring Boot, config'd the database connection, and began building the Account model with @ManyToOne relationship to the User model.

README.md, after:



-This is the first sprint boot/ maven project I have ever done. It's probably going to be rough. Here is how I set up the project intially

# Java Backend Banking Set up instructions
1. Go to https://start.spring.io
2. Choose:
   - Project: Maven
   - Language: Java
   - Spring Boot: 3.4.x
   - Packaging: Jar
   - Java: 17
3. Add dependencies:
   - Spring Web
   - Spring Data JPA
   - PostgreSQL Driver (optional)
4. Unzip project → move contents out of inner folder if needed.
5. Run with: ./mvnw spring-boot:run
6. Test endpoint: http://localhost:8080
7. Most likely because of the way the .zip is generated, you will have redundant folder names. To flatten that you should run -
mv JavaBackendBanking/* . && mv JavaBackendBanking/.[!.]* . 2>/dev/null && rmdir JavaBackendBanking

mv JavaBackendBanking/* . → Moves all visible files/folders up.
mv JavaBackendBanking/.[!.]* . 2>/dev/null → Moves all hidden files/folders (like .gitignore, .mvn, etc.), skipping . and ...
rmdir JavaBackendBanking → Deletes the now-empty inner folder.

8. You will replace JavaBackenBanking with whatever you root project folder name is. Most likely you will have two.


## 🚀 Next Steps

- Create model classes for User and Account. Finished User I am working on Account right now. 
- Implement data persistence using JPA.
- Refactor or connect your Swing frontend to the backend. STILL TODO

Notes: A foreign key is a column in one table that stores the primary key from another table — it links related data across tables, showing “this record belongs to that record.” For instance in the user table user_id
is the primary key. It is at its "home" so to speak. In the accounts table it is the foreign key visually in the last column. It links that account itself to the specific user, but it isn't the primary key. It is the guest key
that bridges the gap or connects the information across the tables.
